---
layout: post
title:      "**My Journey Back**"
date:       2019-09-24 00:30:01 -0400
permalink:  my_journey_back
---

My journey back into coding has been difficult yet rewarding. I found coding at a young age with HTML first. I first tried it when I would code my Blackplanet page (very old I know), and my friend's pages. That is when I learned how powerful coding is. With just a few lines and google research I had created something people thought was amazing. And I fell in love with HTML. After the days Blackplanet came MySpace. I continued using my knowledge HTML, but I began creating my images in Photoshop. So learning to go from an idea in my head of being implemented on my profile was so cool to me. That's when I knew coding is what I wanted to do in life. I did my research and discovered software engineers.
	
Going into college, I already knew I wanted to major in comp sci. As a whole, it was a lot harder than I expected, but I stuck with it. Sort of how Bootcamp is going. But I stuck with it and loved everything about the topic. From basic machine learning, binary numbers, and beginning python. Education-wise Comp Sci was my favorite, the only thing that kept me hooked and interested in college. Unfortunately, I was forced to leave college and I never really picked coding back until 2019. I did use random apps and games that involved coding, but that's about it. In the summer of 2019, I was clicking through Instagram stories and an ad for an app called Career Karma popped up. I was a bit skeptical about the app, but I signed up anyway. That day was the start of changing my life.
	
Career Karma is an app that in short helps people on the road to break into tech. It offers advice, resources, and a host of other things to help you reach your goal. My goal and dream that I had of being a software engineer came rushing back to my head. For years after leaving college I always thought I knew what I wanted. But nothing drew my attention in like coding. It was through Career Karma I found out about Flatiron. I always knew about boot camps never thought about actually attending one. I thought they were all super expensive and a scam honestly. Through my research and Career Karmas help, I learned the truth. That is possible to achieve my childhood dream of being a software engineer with having to go through college. I choose to be a software engineer, I now feel like it's a calling that I must answer.  Flatiron stuck out to me for many reasons, although it's been slightly challenging already I've enjoyed it. Coding brings me peace oddly, the joys and excitement. I know it's only the beginning of a long journey back into coding, but I'm looking forward to every step.
